[Music]
please tell me you got the message but
message the actor playing Matt couldn't
do it they needed to see you at two
o'clock what at six o'clock yep
Doug I wrote I wrote it on the board all
over New York City looking for you I
went to Ross's
I went to the coffee house I went to any
place that they make sandwiches I can't
believe this Chandler sorry I don't know
what to say well you might say
congratulations I saw the board I went
to the audition I got the bar is that
supposed to be funny I was really
worried over here oh well you know
sometimes that fake out thing it's just
me oh wow okay man I'm sorry I did not
mean to make you feel bad well that's
good because you didn't and I'm
incredibly happy for you that's mean you
really helped me go in there we could do
this all day yeah you're right okay look
listen let's talk about what a huge song
I'm gonna be you are gonna be a huge
star I'm gonna get you hug me all right
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh
Oh squeeze
hey do we do this too much I think so
[Music]